while the helicopter and arrived just two people prevention and grandmother is
to see two other people firing the
Caldas is so that the
the step-by-step master of ceremonies
the fireman in the past the rope around him back from his body he
was absolutely quiet in a tried and killed firefighter tasso if denied to him
but kate thank christmas waiting for the round round rescue time too
first team london team wikileaks
the behavior of the animal and which is more difficult to
because it is interdicted
arthur rostey today in the role of strong also you see that confers check
Victor Parinho was prevented from helping to win to help because he
will act underneath another boomers' gold would come close to our work
prepared poorer said people point out these points are considered
stable
asked contamination to avoid another problem
It's the disagreement now if I started out, Felipe.
I had my job now that men are part he was already wrong.
two cuts are being used in this process
obsessed was placed so the men would come down to you who are applying
now you arriving now that I've waited with the federation's work
firemen registered live this repatriation the dog in the creek of the
mandaqui light caetano álvares north zone of são paulo imirim neighborhood como
you see on your screen a dog was found in the river that would make the cd easier
was thrown
the dog was lying there asleep little appears apparently izalci
firemen's names were fired to make
this rescue and this little animal will of course be sent to the center
of control of zoonoses of the city of são paulo mota if I remember well
that other animal that we have
the last year's rescue trip was then to the door of the control center of
zoonoses we are not is the procedure the first procedure produce an effect
control of the game justifies why not
in the north of são paulo to defend the effect next to the field of
Mars
is the quarantine irritated by quarantine even the crack is a mistake
veterinarians accompanying cases due to manifesting some type of
infection thereafter after being medicated after the observation period it is
placed for adoption that animal that we show of the river tamanduateí
really been adopted since the care
what comes from two fire department games they depart with the dollar
exceeded to hurt even more this animal that is possible mind can have until
with a preventive fracture of the author both of them kicking it was
made very well treated by these fire department games attended
professionals related to the case
There's a certain way in my heart I want to call attention once more.
to aa the question of the names of the people who are stopping there getúlio sua
reaction when we are getting more people the two firemen who
What happens when people look at what they have of people on these machines like
is that he was tall
was withdrawn from the country
Handsome work is idol of the fire department's men has been withdrawn
quietly
removed by firefighters all the people who accompanied this rescue was
viewer can speak the viewer also write director of proof
and now it's time to end up with another side of the other
higher value since the sail circuit put her hand on who would say maybe she
to at least the most liquid ones
she must have informed agreement with braz that it was she who helped
it's a showcase I could have had people from the fire department she should
to end breaking is fixed it was the creek stream mandaqui I think good because
firefighters and accompanied all the work
she must surely be content with the cold spot at least on her part
was made see only that the man of the fire department as peter actor of power and
the animal was carrying immortally had been
that the type of flagrant waste is very important and has already
did you hear about it?
closed the training of others in terms resolved to the viewer
will show how firemen men work
and it is a very beautiful and very important work and it deserves all the praise
and we can only show this work that our production team also
stay tuned stay in touch with the fire department a beautiful job
we authorize
sorry
or we defeated our information center that wanted to know these
information has many sources visceral force wings from which we show
for you coming to bissau properly hds to work
we see there now the withdrawal on the climb by the firemen's men
now also has the support of the police and the curious go home
will quietly fail
after a job well done of the men in the fire department of são
paulo congratulations there to the double grouping
give green house that made this work become permanent again under the power of
word to suggest the state of s
beat German with the law